hi I wish you Gary the Merry Christmas
right now I'm going to teach you how to
restore an e machine laptop e seven to
five
salty co to restore it back to its
original factory settings so let's start
to do this you'll parallel on the laptop
and as you can see my laptop is is
turned on right now
so you go to your Start you go to start
and you click on it and the search
programs and files text box you type
just type recovery and you see some
samples some options should come up so
you go to where it says e machines
recovery management and you click on it
and if we click on that it's the this
dialogue box will come out and you from
this dialog box let's have to do you
want to allow the following programs to
make changes to this computer you click
yes and now we have this big window and
on this window we have different options
to create factory default discs or to
create drivers and application discs but
what we want to do right now is to go
here to restore you click on the restore
on the left hand side of the window you
click on it and we have different
options here on the right-hand side so
you click on the topmost one that stays
completely restore system to factory
defaults so we click on that so another
dialog box will come that will ask you
that it's a this process will reboot and
restore your system do you really want
to continue yes we want to continue so
it will reboot the system and it should
start the process for restoring back to
the factory settings so I click on start
and it will say system restore will
overwrite existing data data on hard
drive yes that's what we want to do
click OK if you wish to continue so we
click on OK
so now the system reboot itself so let's
just wait and see what happened
so I was going to see Windows loading
valve is starting right now
so now we we are the is a new window so
we'll click on the it's there's some
things here it says this action will
raise all existing data on on C yes we
want that so we click on next and says
risk restore destination the hard drive
the name of the hard drive and the
partition label a machines partition
size so we click on next so it's saying
this one in the action will raise all
existing data on partition label
eMachines press ok to continue here
we'll press ok because that's what we
want to do
so yeah that's a restore progress so you
just have to wait and see you wait till
the end so it's going to restore
everything back to sector sevens this
way so thank you for viewing and I wish
you a Merry Christmas and a prosperous
new year in events bye for now